feat: Clustered release 20251218-1946608 (#6697)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/clustered/reference/release-notes/clustered.md

---

## 20251218-1946608 {date="2025-12-18"}

### Quickstart

```yaml
spec:
  package:
    image: us-docker.pkg.dev/influxdb2-artifacts/clustered/influxdb:20251218-1946608
```

#### Release artifacts
- [app-instance-schema.json](/downloads/clustered-release-artifacts/20251218-1946608/app-instance-schema.json)
- [example-customer.yml](/downloads/clustered-release-artifacts/20251218-1946608/example-customer.yml)
- [InfluxDB Clustered README EULA July 2024.txt](/downloads/clustered-release-artifacts/InfluxDB%20Clustered%20README%20EULA%20July%202024.txt)

### Highlights

> - The garbage collector has been fixed to support customers who specify the S3 bucket in `spec.package.spec.objectStore.s3.endpoint` (e.g. "https://$BUCKET.$REGION.amazonaws.com") and an additional prefix in `spec.package.spec.objectStore.bucket`; if you previously disabled `INFLUXDB_IOX_CREATE_CATALOG_BACKUP_DATA_SNAPSHOT_FILES` and `INFLUXDB_IOX_DELETE_USING_CATALOG_BACKUP_DATA_SNAPSHOT_FILES` to work around the bug, you can remove those overrides now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The garbage collector has been fixed to support customers who specify the S3 bucket in `spec.package.spec.objectStore.s3.endpoint` (for example, `"https://$BUCKET.$REGION.amazonaws.com"`) and an additional prefix in `spec.package.spec.objectStore.bucket`; if you previously disabled `INFLUXDB_IOX_CREATE_CATALOG_BACKUP_DATA_SNAPSHOT_FILES` and `INFLUXDB_IOX_DELETE_USING_CATALOG_BACKUP_DATA_SNAPSHOT_FILES` to work around the bug, you can remove those overrides now.
```
